== twitter-text

A gem that provides text processing routines for Twitter Tweets. The major
reason for this is to unify the various auto-linking and extraction of
usernames, lists, hashtags and URLs.

== Extraction Examples

  # Extraction
  class MyClass
    include Twitter::Extractor
    usernames = extract_mentioned_screen_names("Mentioning @twitter and @jack")
    # usernames = ["twitter", "jack"]
  end

  # Extraction with a block argument
  class MyClass
    include Twitter::Extractor
    extract_reply_screen_name("@twitter are you hiring?").do |username|
      # username = "twitter"
    end
  end

== Auto-linking Examples

  # Auto-link
  class MyClass
    include Twitter::Autolink

    html = auto_link("link @user, please #request")
  end

=== Usernames

Username extraction and linking matches all valid Twitter usernames but does
not verify that the username is a valid Twitter account.

=== Lists

Auto-link and extract list names when they are written in @user/list-name
format.

=== Hashtags

Auto-link and extract hashtags, where a hashtag contains any latin letter or
number but cannot be solely numbers.

=== URLs

Auto-linking and extraction of URLs differs from the Rails default so that it
will work correctly in Tweets written in languages that do not include spaces
between words.

=== International

Special care has been taken to be sure that auto-linking and extraction work
in Tweets of all languages. This means that languages without spaces between
words should work equally well.

=== Hit Highlighting

Use to provide emphasis around the "hits" returned from the Search API, built
to work against text that has been auto-linked already.

=== Conformance

To run the Conformance suite, you'll need to add that project as a git submodule.  From the root twitter-text-rb directory, run:

  git submodule add git@github.com:mzsanford/twitter-text-conformance.git test/twitter-text-conformance/
  git submodule init
  git submodule update

=== Thanks

Thanks to everybody who has filed issues, provided feedback or contributed patches. Patches courtesy of:

* At Twitter …
  * Raffi Krikorian - http://github.com/r
  * Ben Cherry - http://github.com/bcherry
  * Patrick Ewing - http://github.com/hoverbird
  * Jeff Smick - http://github.com/sprsquish

* Patches from the community …
  * Jean-Philippe Bougie - http://github.com/jpbougie

* Anyone who has filed an issue. It helps. Really.
